README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/caseymcgon/caseymcgon/blob/main/header.png" alt="Banner Introducing Casey McGonigle (that's Me!)" >

## I'm a Data Science Grad Student at UC Berkeley with a passion for fighting climate change, exploring the outdoors, cheering for Bay Area sports, and enjoying live music.

###### - 🔭 I’m currently working on data science projects like: 1. Building a Neural Net on MLB Statcast data to better predict the outcome of a given plate appearance 2. Visualizing Dead & Company Setlists and creating a model to predict the next setlist.
###### - 🌱 I’m currently studying Applied Machine Learning, Statistics for Data Science, and Data Visualization at the Graduate level
###### - 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on climate change x data science projects.
###### - 🤔 I’m looking for help with ideation about which climate x data problems I should tackle next
###### - 📫 How to reach me: Email: cmcgon@ischool.berkeley.edu or Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/casey-mcgonigle
###### - 💬 Ask me about the best spots to camp/backpack around the Bay Area
###### - 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
###### - ⚡ Fun fact: I'm a live music junkie -- everything from music in the local park to underground jazz clubs to stadium rock shows. I'm currently at around  200 live shows in my life...and I'm just gettin started!


## My Github currently contains 4 pinned projects/repos:

1. **caseymcgon/power-forward**: Jan 2021 - May 2021 -- focused on understanding why Electric Vehicle Charging Stations succeed or fail and ultimately mapping how well potential new stations will perform. Selection of Skills & Tools: python, sklearn models, Selenium webscraping, ArcGis, Flask

2. **caseymcgon/NFLPlayoffFantasyFootball**: Jan 2020 - Present (updated each January) -- Webscraping, Regex, and Pandas skills mobilized to efficiently compile and manipulate NFL Playoff scoring data for family and friends' Playoff Fantasy Football Pool. Plan for 2022: 1. create comprehensive visualizations (using Altair?) to make team/player comparison more digestible than using raw numbers. 2. Host & share a website with open access to data & visualizations; no longer using Excel to share outputs

3. **caseymcgon/EBCE-Disconnections-Research**: Jan 2020 - May 2020 -- Executive Summary of a Semester-long Research Project for East Bay Community Energy (EBCE) -- Building ML models to discern which buildings are likely to disconnect from the electrical grid. Selection of Skills & Tools: python, sklearn, matplotlib. Please note: this repo contains no code as it is owned by EBCE.

4. **caseymcgon/Data100GradProject**: Apr 2020 - May 2020 -- Used python, pandas, & seaborn to understand what fantasy basketball scores actually measure, which factors tend to influence them, and how to best be predict them

Commit message:

Added climate-enviro-energy info

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/caseymcgon/caseymcgon/blob/main/header.png" alt="Banner Introducing Casey McGonigle (that's Me!)" >

## I'm a Data Science Grad Student at UC Berkeley with a passion for fighting climate change, exploring the outdoors, cheering for Bay Area sports, and enjoying live music.

###### - 🔭 I’m currently working on data science projects like: 1. Developing a state-of-the-art NLP model to predict a song's era from its lyrics 2. Creating an experiment to understand how leaderboards impact one's risk tolerance
###### - 🌱 I’m currently studying Deep Learning w/ Natural Language Processing & Experiments and Causal Inference at the Graduate level
###### - 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on climate change x data science projects.
###### - 🤔 I’m looking for help with ideation about which climate x data problems I should tackle next
###### - 📫 How to reach me: Email: cmcgon@ischool.berkeley.edu or Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/casey-mcgonigle
###### - 💬 Ask me about the best spots to camp/backpack around the Bay Area
###### - 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
###### - 🎸 Fun fact: I'm a live music junkie -- everything from music in the local park to underground jazz clubs to stadium rock shows. I'm currently at around  200 live shows in my life...and I'm just gettin started!


## My Github currently contains 4 pinned projects/repos:

1. **caseymcgon/climate-enviro-energy**: Mar 2022 - Present -- An effort to combine hundreds of climate-centric data sources into 1 repo to encourage more research & modeling to combat climate change 

2. **caseymcgon/power-forward**: Jan 2021 - May 2021 -- Focused on understanding why Electric Vehicle Charging Stations succeed or fail and ultimately mapping how well potential new stations will perform. Selection of Skills & Tools: python, sklearn models, Selenium webscraping, ArcGis, Flask

3. **caseymcgon/NFLPlayoffFantasyFootball**: Jan 2020 - Present (updated each January) -- Webscraping, Regex, and Pandas skills mobilized to efficiently compile and manipulate NFL Playoff scoring data for family and friends' Playoff Fantasy Football Pool. Plan for 2022: 1. create comprehensive visualizations (using Altair?) to make team/player comparison more digestible than using raw numbers. 2. Host & share a website with open access to data & visualizations; no longer using Excel to share outputs

4. **caseymcgon/EBCE-Disconnections-Research**: Jan 2020 - May 2020 -- Executive Summary of a Semester-long Research Project for East Bay Community Energy (EBCE) -- Building ML models to discern which buildings are likely to disconnect from the electrical grid. Selection of Skills & Tools: python, sklearn, matplotlib. Please note: this repo contains no code as it is owned by EBCE.

5. **caseymcgon/Data100GradProject**: Apr 2020 - May 2020 -- Used python, pandas, & seaborn to understand what fantasy basketball scores actually measure, which factors tend to influence them, and how to best be predict them
